It's just started.
You're happy too soon
Obviously going to lose
Still here dead duck bill
Gee, he's only selling it for 500 bucks anyway.
Even if he loses all, he will only lose 500 yuan.
He doesn't feel bad either
He doesn't care.
You're right.
The factories have closed down, and they have become poor.
Brother Qiu wants a pair of glass, and it fell too badly.
It's down 10 points now
Yeah, it's all down to a dime a share now
Oops husband
Our Maoxiang Technology has risen by 5 points.
It's red all the way
Go on like this
We'll make a lot of money 1 million
Did you see it, kid?
This is called strength
Your medicine pot glass?
Down to pennies a share
Are you still not convinced?
Yiqiu, why don't we change stocks?
You have to pay for this.
Glass is really hopeless
Yeah, Brother Qiu can't watch the stock fall anymore
If you fall again, you will lose 500 yuan in vain
I know now, I'm in a hurry.
But it's useless to worry
You're going to lose.
Xia Yushuang
Do you still believe him?
Tell you even if you are divorced
I can play you however I want
Zhu Linlin Kacang
Buy all medicine and take glass